wear/always-on/README.md, before:

Android Wear: Ambiactive codelab
================================

This codelab will introduce you to the key concepts to behind always-on apps.
It will then walk you through converting an existing stopwatch app into an always-on app which will
go on for as long as the user needs it.

There is also a bonus section on increasing the refresh rate of the app
while it is in ambient mode from once per minute to once every 10 seconds.

Pre-requisites
--------------

- Android SDK v21
- Android Build Tools v21.1.1
- Android Support Repository

Getting Started
---------------

This code lab uses the Gradle build system. To build this project, use the
"./gradlew build" command or use "Import Project" in Android Studio.

Support
-------

- [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android)

Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and
submitting a pull request through GitHub. Please see CONTRIB.md for more details.

License
-------

Copyright 2015 The Android Open Source Project, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.

Commit message:

Add deprecation text to READMEs for Android codelabs

wear/always-on/README.md, after:

DEPRECATED : This code and codelab is no longer supported. The general codelabs website is [Google Codelabs](https://codelabs.developers.google.com); check out more up-to-date code there.

Android Wear: Ambiactive codelab
================================

This codelab will introduce you to the key concepts to behind always-on apps.
It will then walk you through converting an existing stopwatch app into an always-on app which will
go on for as long as the user needs it.

There is also a bonus section on increasing the refresh rate of the app
while it is in ambient mode from once per minute to once every 10 seconds.

Pre-requisites
--------------

- Android SDK v21
- Android Build Tools v21.1.1
- Android Support Repository

Getting Started
---------------

This code lab uses the Gradle build system. To build this project, use the
"./gradlew build" command or use "Import Project" in Android Studio.

Support
-------

- [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android)

Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and
submitting a pull request through GitHub. Please see CONTRIB.md for more details.

License
-------

Copyright 2015 The Android Open Source Project, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
